Update documentation for oneTBB 2023.1.0 release (#2125)
oneapi-src/oneTBB: doc/main/reference/numa_interleaved_allocation.rst

.. _numa_interleaved_allocation:

Allocate Memory Interleaved between NUMA Nodes
==============================================

.. note::
    To enable this feature, set the ``TBB_PREVIEW_NUMA_ALLOCATION`` macro to 1. When available and enabled,
    the feature-test macro ``TBB_HAS_NUMA_ALLOCATION`` is defined.

.. contents::
    :local:
    :depth: 2

Description
***********

A well-known method to improve performance on NUMA systems is to interleave memory between several NUMA
nodes. There are two parameters that control the interleaving: the set of NUMA nodes across which memory is
allocated and the chunk size used for interleaving. The first parameter allows users to select a subset of
NUMA nodes, which may be desirable if a parallel algorithm uses only part of the available NUMA nodes. The
second parameter controls the granularity of interleaving, which may be desirable to optimize for specific
access patterns.

> Allocated memory is not split or cached. It's returned back immediately upon deallocation. Interleaving is

Reviewer: What does "split" mean in this context? Similarly, "cached"? For cached in particular, we do not want to imply that memory allocated in this way will not be able to be cached by the processor caches, we mean something different.

> only a recommendation. Memory may be placed on different NUMA nodes or in a different order than requested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allocated memory is not split or cached. It's returned back immediately upon deallocation. These calls do not guarantee interleaving, but instead are used as a hint. Memory may be placed on different NUMA nodes or in a different order than requested.
```
